Remove @emotion/styled usage (#2043)
system-ui/theme-ui: MIGRATING.md

# Migration Guides

## v0.14

> - `@theme-ui/components` and other Theme UI packagss no longe depends on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `@theme-ui/components` and other Theme UI packages no longer depend on
```

Author: Oh god, I made so many mistakes in that sentence xD
